over the past hundred years in the
region of the infamous Bermuda Triangle
about a hundred ships and aircraft have
disappeared while scientists are trying
to find the cause of these mysterious
disappearances and massive disasters in
this area similar anomalies have
appeared around the world so what could
be more dangerous than the Bermuda
Triangle
dozens of such messages are stored in
the black boxes of planes that crashed
over the Bermuda Triangle under
mysterious circumstances it covers the
territory from the Bermuda Islands in
Florida to Puerto Rico the area of this
territory is quite large and is
approximately 805
000 square kilometers it's like two
Japan's in addition it's also a place
for the deepest point of the Atlantic
Ocean the Milwaukee deep which would fit
almost one and a half Mount kilimanjaros
therefore it isn't strange that the
parts of many ships and aircraft missing
in this region haven't been found yet
but even when the researchers managed to
find the lost ships what they saw there
didn't make any sense
for example in 1944 the U.S Navy
discovered an American ship near Florida
in the Bermuda Triangle called Rubicon
all contact with it had been lost a
month before it was found when it left
Cuba for Havana so everyone believed the
ship had sunk relatives of the
passengers weren't going crazy trying to
figure out where their loved ones had
gone the military immediately saw that
the ship was safe and sound and rushed
to save the people on board but even
though over 300 people were supposed to
be on board the ship a dog that came
from nowhere ran around the deck and
there wasn't a human soul to be found
all their belongings and Food Supplies
surprisingly remained intact as if the
passengers had simply evaporated from
the ship in an instant and this isn't
the only case like this earlier a
similar situation happened to the
Friendship Rosalia which was heading to
Havana from Hamburg in 1840 it was found
in the sargasso sea near the Bermuda
Triangle time on this ship seemed to
have been frozen as well lunch was
waiting for the sailors in the kitchen
but there wasn't a single person on
board only a starving Canary chirped in
its cage precisely the same story
happened on the American ship called the
Mary Celeste in 1872 was on its way from
New York to Italy through the Bermuda
Triangle and was found only a year later
near the Azores on board they even found
untouched Treasures in the captain's
cabin as well as a surviving cat but the
crew itself seems to have evaporated as
well but the worst thing that makes this
zone so deadly is the fact that it
extends not only across the sea but also
into the sky in 1945 Flight 19 a
squadron of five U.S Navy Torpedo
bombers simply vanished into thinner
shared during a routine exercise the
theory of the simultaneous failure of
all five aircraft seems impossible
besides they were thoroughly tested
before departure they're even more
logical gaps in a story of what happened
to a Beechcraft Bonanza plane on
December 4th 1970 the pilot and two
passengers took off from Andros Island
in the Bahamas and headed for the coast
of Florida they had to cover a distance
of 400 kilometers which usually takes 90
minutes of flight time at an altitude of
3500 meters the pilot saw a strange
Cloud of a cylindrical shape the
diameter of this pipe was more than one
kilometer and the length seemed endless
since it was gigantic the pilot had no
choice but to pass through the cloud
when the plane flew into it it became
dark as night suddenly bright white
flashes began to appear on the aircraft
which illuminated everything around
however according to the pilot it wasn't
lightning he had already begun to say
goodbye to life but after about a minute
he saw the light at the end of the
tunnel the cloud tunnel began to narrow
at the same time all their electronic
devices stopped working and the compass
needle rotated and spun randomly at some
point the pilot felt weightless and the
plane broke out of the clouds at the
same time it turned out they were
already almost in Miami although only 47
minutes of flight time had passed the
plane had also used much less fuel than
usual no one who was on board that day
has a clue how they managed to get there
ahead of time
but the most inexplicable story to this
day is the loss of Pan-American World
Airways flight 914 with 57 passengers on
board on July 2nd 1955 the plane took
off from New York and was supposed to
land in Miami three hours later but it
just disappeared from all Radars its
wreckage was never found for quite a
long time it was believed that the plane
had crashed and all the passengers had
died
37 years later the weekly world news
published an unusual article about this
flight it said that on September 9th
that the krakas airport in Venezuela out
of nowhere a new DOT appeared on the
radar as if a plane had just popped into
being from non-existence after landing
the pilot contacted the tower and asked
where he was because he needed to get to
the Miami Airport at a specific time
namely at 9 55 a.m on July 2nd in 1955.
the man was told it was 1992. then the
panic-stricken captain began to shout
for the airport Personnel not to
approach his plane he started the
engines again and without waiting for
permission to take off lifted the plane
into the air disappearing from radar
again although these incidents in the
Bermuda Triangle are quite mysterious
the weekly world news probably should be
trusted The tabloid's Writers come up
with paranormal explanations for all
different kinds of incidents in America
and around the world so that more and
more people buy their newspapers which
are excitingly different from other
newspapers nonetheless scientists
continue to explore this dangerous Zone
and are still trying to find a
scientific explanation for the
catastrophes that happen here
foreign
[Music]
these were the last words of the pilot
of flight
n3808h on June 28th in 1980 from the
moment the message was recorded and to
this day the plane along with its crew
is considered missing in the Bermuda
Triangle but no one knows exactly what
objects in the sky scared the pilots
although many scientists believe they
solved the mystery of this mysterious
area in the sea each has their own
Theory some researchers suggest that the
cause of shipwrecks in this area is a
large number of Shades and reefs but
this theory was worth considering only
many years ago when Wooden Ships crossed
the ocean for modern equipment on ships
this isn't really a serious problem
anymore other researchers are interested
in masses of bubbles in the Bermuda
Triangle Waters which appear from cracks
in tectonic plates according to these
research researchers this is an
explosive methane gas that turns into
giant bubbles when they reach the
surface they can destroy or even swallow
an entire ship but this Theory doesn't
consider that some ships that
disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle were
nevertheless found moreover absolutely
intact and yet there is one theory that
can't explain this geologists say that
during a storm waves can generate
infrasound which has a harmful effect on
the nervous system as a result a ship's
crew panics fear overpowers common sense
in people simply Rush overboard that's
why so many ships were found in the
Bermuda Triangle without passengers and
with all their belongings intact but
these three theories have nothing to do
with airplanes
a fairly reasonable theory was proposed
by a meteorologist one Steve Miller in
NASA satellite images he noticed unusual
hexagonal clouds with straight edges
over the Bermuda Triangle Miller
suggests they're capable of generating
something called aerial bombs these are
sharp currents of wind that can reach
the speed of a hurricane of 300
kilometers per hour this force is enough
to sink even a fairly large ship or
provoke an aircraft's demise in a matter
of minutes but to confirm this Theory
additional observations are needed after
all the pictures don't show that there
are any funnels in the clouds through
which the air is directed downward
the Bermuda Triangle has become famous
thanks to a large number investigations
in the media documentaries and feature
films due to this Ordinary People are
also attempting to solve this mystery
for example under an article about the
triangle in the comments a certain Jaden
hunsaker put forward her own hypothesis
she explains why not only ships but also
planes disappear in the Triangle the
thing is that Christopher Columbus
during his sea Voyage in 1492 saw a
flash in the sky in his logbook there
were records that the sky suddenly
became bright after which the compass
needles began to behave strangely the
girl suggests that this flash could be a
magnetic asteroid and since planes and
ships are made of metal they couldn't
attracted to the bottom of the Atlantic
Ocean to the magnetic Celestial body
that fell into it science has indeed
encountered asteroids that have their
own magnetic fields but there is one
thing if such an object fell into the
ocean in the 15th century records of
this would have been preserved not only
in Columbus's journal and Columbus
himself who was close to the crash site
once he felt the magnetic effect of the
asteroid on himself would have perished
in a giant tsunami but while some are
trying to approach the Bermuda Triangle
scientifically conspiracy theorists have
also found what they think is the most
logical answer they believe that this
zone is a hot spot for alien activity
where extraterrestrial beings are
abducting people to study them therefore
on all the ships found in the Bermuda
Triangle only animals have survived and
the valuable cargo was untouched there
is a lot of evidence to support this
hypothesis one of them is documented in
the Greek Daily Newspaper artist mafdo's
press of August 17 1995 it had an
interview with a merchant Seaman and
radio operator on the pothiti swjc
called polycarp's bensas the Sailor
claimed that during one of their trips
to the Sea he felt something was wrong
when the ship began to go through the
waves incredibly fast although the
equipment showed the usual speed and the
sensations didn't let the Sailor down a
few minutes later a complete devilry
began on board at first the captain of
the ship became very sick it seemed to
him that his hands were very heavy and
he couldn't raise them to the helm and
the Helmsman couldn't keep a steady
course because the compass was spinning
like crazy the crew then noticed that
all the clocks on the boat had gone
ahead by two hours suddenly spences saw
a large white unidentified flying object
in the sky joined by two more small ones
the Sailor immediately ran to send a
message about what had happened using
Morse code but notice that he suddenly
began to move very slowly at the same
time another sailor tried to light a
cigarette but nothing came out of it
because it immediately burned out at the
same time the entire ship's crew felt in
abnormally slow heartbeat spences is
fully convinced he encountered something
extraterrestrial that day in the Bermuda
Triangle that could manipulate time
sometimes even official institutions
admit that they've noticed something
strange in the Bermuda Triangle for
example this photo was taken by the U.S
Air Force in 2020 however attempts to
unravel the mysteries of Bermuda
Triangle don't end with UFO explanations
for example writer Charles berlets has
his own theory he claims that earlier on
the territory of the triangle there
could have been the capital of an
ancient developed civilization of course
most scientists consider such theories
about the existence of Lost Cities only
fiction and myth but there are those who
like burlettes don't doubt the existence
of Atlantis the writer believes that the
inventions of the ancient atlanteans
could be because of all the disasters in
the area He suggests that the atlanteans
had developed a formula that allows one
to accumulate space energy in a crystal
with its help it was possible to create
solar and Stellar Rays similar to lasers
they were mainly used in construction
but in our time they could well destroy
modern technology when a big flood
covered Atlantis the crystals also went
to the bottom but that didn't stop them
doing their job that's why sailing or
flying through this area equipment and
Compasses fail unlike scientists
hypotheses theories about UFOs and
Atlantis explain all The Oddities of the
triangle but at the same time the
existence of UFOs in the mythical city
of Atlantis hasn't yet been proven by
science so neither one nor the other has
convincing evidence and so we still
don't know how to protect people from
incidents in this area meanwhile similar
anomalies here in other parts of the
world
could really briefly what is your um
what is the problem you're having
I have a marine emergency and I would
like to speak to a Qi more than one team
of sailors tried to save their ship
having gotten into Dangerous Waters
between Bermuda Florida and Puerto Rico
but this is not the only Danger Zone in
the world's oceans one of these
anomalies attracts scientists tourists
and extreme divers we're talking about
Australia the west coast of which can be
called the capital of shipwrecks so many
people died in these Waters that their
legends about ghosts among the locals
and tourists to this date literally swim
among the corpses in 2022 Monique sichat
or spent her holidays on magnetic Island
swimming in the ocean off Northern
Australia when the girl returned home
and began to look through her photos she
noticed a terrible detail in one of them
in the background a ghostly hand reaches
out to her leg this turned out to be the
severed limb of a human skill back in
1770 Captain James Cook sailing in these
Waters noticed that the ship's Compass
was out of order as if there was a
magnet nearby this is how magnetic
Island got its name due to such
inexplicable anomalies and the
water-round Magnetic Island in general
the entire coast of the continent about
13
000 kilometers long is full of the
wreckage of about 1 600 sunken ships and
in these Waters the remains of the
bodies of dead Sailors are still being
found since the end of the 16th century
this place has become a cemetery for
Dutch British and Portuguese ships that
were on their way from Europe to
Indonesia they went too far east into
the Waters of Western Australia and
vanished but nevertheless mysterious
events are associated with the Devil's
Triangle
[Music]
sky
were the last words of a Japanese
fighter pilot in August 1945 during a
crash over this Zone The Devil's
Triangle spans Pacific Waters near Tokyo
judging by ancient legends people used
to believe that the ocean was home to
dragons which attacked Sailors it said
that back in 1274 and 1281 Kublai Khan
the fifth great Khan of the Mongol
Empire and Grandson of Genghis Khan
tried to invade Japan however both times
he mysteriously lost his ships and about
40 000 crew members the Japanese
believed that it was the gods who
stopped the conquerors later at the
beginning of the 20th century fishing
ships and warships often sank in this
area also in the Dragon Triangle a
research ship with a hundred scientists
who tried to unravel the anomaly
disappeared Without a Trace but the most
exciting thing is that the devils and
Bermuda Triangles are very similar
they're located at the same latitude on
the east coast of large Continental
masses in the Devil's Triangle as well
as in the Bermuda Triangle there are
also some of the deepest places in the
sea in the devil's triangles case the
Mariana Trench these two anomalies are
like twins and the Japanese pilot who
shouted about the Open Sky likely got
into the same kind of cloud tunnels the
Beechcraft Bonanza plane but there's a
place in America that's scarier than the
Bermuda Triangle and the Devil's
Triangle combined
for hundreds of years many strange
things have been happening in the Lake
Michigan region most of which cannot be
explained logically but the most
interesting thing having collected the
locations of all the incidents on one
map the researchers found that the
dangerous area in these Waters also
forms a triangle shape they call it the
Michigan Triangle it's located in the
center of the largest American Lake
Michigan and in it there have been many
mystical and mysterious catastrophes for
example in 1950 Northwest Airlines
flight 2501 carrying 55 passengers and
three crew members was flying from New
York to Minneapolis flying over the
Michigan Triangle it seemed to disappear
into thin air but here not only planes
and boats mysteriously disappear but
people who were just walking along the
coast as well in 1978 Michigan private
Christian University student Stephen
backing was skiing along the shores of a
lake but one day he disappeared Without
a Trace when the police went looking for
him they noticed the trail of his
Footprints it led along the shore of
Lake Michigan and suddenly broke off due
to the lack of any other evidence the
police thought that the guy got lost and
froze to death although his body was
never found his loved ones were still
mourning their loss A year later when
suddenly Stephen was found alive and
well more than a thousand kilometers
from the scene when asked what happened
that day and why he ended up in this
place the guy remembered absolutely
nothing and this is not the only mystery
of the Michigan Triangle at its bottom
mysterious ancient structures have been
found however at present researchers are
keeping the locations a secret according
to the official version this was done in
order to protect the ancient underwater
ruins from vandals currently scientists
don't know what created these Stone
Compass
nature Humanity or someone or something
else local residents say they often see
bright flashing lights above the water
and believe the stone structures and
disasters in this area are somehow
connected to UFOs in 1883 the sailors of
the wooden Tugboat Mary McLean said they
saw huge blocks of ice falling from the
sky all over the lake for 30 minutes
this strange rain didn't stop and was so
powerful that it left dents on the
wooden surface of the tug the crew
members even kept a large piece of the
ice and the pantry to show it is proof
if no one believed them but despite all
the efforts of the eyewitnesses to this
anomaly their story was still perceived
to be a lie
as there are few logical explanations
for the occurrences in these anomalous
areas governments simply ignore the
existence of these dangerous triangle
zones they aren't even marked on world
maps and thus from year to year
passengers of planes Crews of ships and
even ordinary tourists are exposed to
unknown dangers
evidence of incidents in the Bermuda
Triangle have been preserved not only in
Airplane black boxes nowadays such
catastrophes can actually be observed in
real time in 2015 two 14 year old boys
from Florida keeping it a secret from
their parents went to the Bahamas and
shared everything on Snapchat suddenly
one of them posted a video of an
incoming storm with a tragic caption in
2016 the Coast Guard unexpectedly found
the boat of Perry Cohen and Austin
Stephanos near the coast of Bermuda most
likely the storm brought the children
into the Bermuda Triangle the boat was
empty and the bodies of the boys were
never found
[Music]
thank you
